This application, once I have time to make it that is, will be a tool for learning things very quickly and provide a way for you to track what you have learned and what you should spend more time looking into. The goals of this application are as follows:
-Have the ability to create subjects, units, tests questions, tags and other things I haven't thought of yet.
-Once you have fully filled out one of these tree's, you are going to be able to take practice tests on one subject or randomized questions throughout the entire test.
-Each question should be tagged with something like "Fauklands War" and you would have multiple questions that fall under that tag as well as resources that are in a list tied to that specific subject.  Eventually there might be a webcrawler grabbing resource material from google but I am not sure how to validate the sources we would get from google yet.
-The app will keep track of your ability to get questions right based on tag's and will put your progress in percent over time on a graph and will notify you at the end of a test which subjects you did well on and which you should revisit. On the ones you should revisit, it will provide a button that will redirect you to the material associated with that tag.
-Eventually I will have a grasp on ML and will make it so that you can type in any subject and it will currate questions from the web based on that topic and will automatically populate the sources and the tags that associate the two.
-thats it for right now but there is a lot more I just have not completely hashed it out just yet.
